So one day Tinku was walking down the block. He was in the middle of Turkey running from the mob. The mob was after him for money. He hadn't payed up in months. He was soul searching in China and had just come back. As he was running he threw a pomegranate behind him in an attempt to deter his assailants. The pomegranate was effective and neutralized the threat. He ended up becoming Borat.

Despite being a famous journalist, Borat was still arrested for the murder of the people who were trying to mug him. The police had to collect all of the evidence that was left over from the crime, including every chunk of pomegranate that went flying in every direction when it struck the attacker's head. The police were quickly able to track down Borat and arrest him, because he is very load attracts a lot of attention. Little did the police know, being arrested was all part of Borat's master plan. 

The police asked Borat if getting caught was all part of his master plan while he was sitting in the patrol car.  He replied that it was.  The police asked what the next step of his master plan was.  Borat responded by saying "Crashing this car, with no survivors" and then pulled a pomegranate out of his sock that he always kept in case of emergency.  Borat threw the pomegranate into the windshield of the car, obscuring the driver's view and causing the car to go careening off a clif after both the officers had jumped into the street. Borat was prepared for this and sprung into action. "Very nice!" thought Borat to himself.


Borate was then taken to the police station to be process, but his master plan was stil in affect. He was taken into a cell with another gentlemen that was in there for robbing a bank. It was Borats Brother. This was the end game of Borats plan, to escape with his brother and go to America. They started diggin with the tiny shovels that Borat brought with him. Over night they dug a tunnle that was as long as a football feild and could escape. That was the last time anyone ever heard from Borat and his brother

That is until a few years later when there were rumors of a mysterious figure roaming the streets of Scranton, Pennsylvania. Rumored to be the true Scranton Strangler, many feared to approach him, while in reality it was truly Borat. He had survived and was thriving in the underground society. The underground society from the outside appears to be the homeless society, which is simply a facade, one he had developed over years of hard work. No one could suspect him now and he continues to live in the shadows to this day. That my dear friends is the legend of Borat.
